{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Geneva;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Amua
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Amua is a status bar application for Mac OS X that allows you to control Last.fm web-radio streams. It is an alternative to the official Last.fm player.\
\
Wonder which song is playing? Just move over the note icon on top right of your screen without switching away from what you're currently doing. A click on the icon displays the Amua menu where you can control your radio stream and send the usual Love/Skip/Ban commands.\
Alternatively you can detach the song information panel and drag it somewhere on your screen, such that you can always see what is playing.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
We hope you'll enjoy it.\
\
Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Mathis & Simon Hofer\
\
Website: http://amua.sourceforge.net/\
\
Amua is free software, with ``free'' as in ``free speech'', not as in ``free beer''. It is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.\
\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Installation
\f1\b0 \
\
Simply drag the Amua icon into your Applications directory. You can add Amua to the startup items in the System Preferences -> Accounts -> Startup Items window (so that it loads automatically every-time you startup your computer).\
\
\

\f0\b Configuration
\f1\b0 \
\
Enter your Last.fm account information (username and password) in the preferences panel. You'll have to register an account if you don't own one.\
\
\

\f0\b Changelog\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Version 0.5.1\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Discovery Mode and Record to Profile by 
\f2 Devin Bayer.
\f1 \

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Double click on Similar Artists result list starts the stream.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Shortcuts for Cut, Copy, Paste and Select All work.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Possible to register Amua for lastfm:// protocol.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.5\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  The tooltip window is completely rewritten and is no more based on the AdiumX tooltip class.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Song time is displayed in the tooltip window.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Artist and track names will be shortened if they are too long.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Support new Last.fm features: Similar Artist Radio, Profile Radio, Personal Radio. All other stations are supported through Custom URL.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Play most recent station.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Choose a station from a list of the ten recent played stations.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.4\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  The tooltip window will be placed correctly, even if there is not enough space on the right.
\f2 \
 \'a5
\f1  Passwords are stored in keychain (more secure).\

\f2  \'a5 The tooltip window is now detachable and dragable.
\f1 \

\f2  \'a5
\f1  The Radio station can be changed (only "random" doesn't work - seems to be a bug in the Last.fm web-service), also listening from other users is supported.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Record to profile won't be implemented.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Amua notifies the user if a new version is available.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Numerous bugfixes.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.3:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Moving the mouse over the Status Item shows a tooltip window with informations about the current stream (artist, album, track, the album cover and radio station).\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.2:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Better handling of disabling/enabling menu items (incl. Love, Skip and Ban). They will also be disabled, if the stream stops (spooky waiting sound).\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Quitting Amua stops iTunes playback.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Displays connection error if no session could be established.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.1:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Basic functionality to start and stop the stream (play/stop).\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Displays song information of the currently played track.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Love, Skip and Ban commands.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Preferences window for username/password and other settings.\
}