{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Geneva;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs46 \cf0 Amua
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Amua is a status bar application for Mac OS X that allows you to control Last.fm web-radio streams. It is an alternative to the official Last.fm player.\
\
Wonder which song is playing? Just move over the note icon on top right of your screen without switching away from what you're currently doing. A click on the icon displays the Amua menu where you can control your radio stream and send the usual Love/Skip/Ban commands.\
Alternatively you can detach the song information panel and drag it somewhere on your screen, such that you can always see what is playing.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
We hope you'll enjoy it.\
\
Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Mathis & Simon Hofer\
\
Website: http://amua.sourceforge.net/\
\
Amua is free software, with ``free'' as in ``free speech'', not as in ``free beer''. It is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.\
\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Installation
\f1\b0 \
\
Simply drag the Amua icon into your Applications directory. You can add Amua to the startup items in the System Preferences -> Accounts -> Startup Items window (to load it automatically every-time you startup your computer).\
\
\

\f0\b Configuration
\f1\b0 \
\
If you don't own a Last.fm account already, create one at http://www.last.fm. After starting Amua you should see a note icon on the menu bar near the system clock. Clicking on that icon displays a menu which is used to control Amua. If you start Amua for the first time, make sure to open the "Preferences.." dialog from the menu and fill in the form with your account data (username and password). Click on the save button to save your data.\
\
\

\f0\b Station Tuning\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 If Amua is configured correctly, you should be able to open the "Play Station..." dialog from the menu. This dialog allows you to tune to the following stations:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Similar artist radio (listen to music that is similar to a specific artist)\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Global tags radio (listen to music that has been tagged with a specific tag)\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  User radio stations (listen to user specific radio stations)\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Custom stations (using any lastfm:// url)\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 If you want to tune to a station that is not in the list above, you can open the Last.fm website and click on the play station links on the website. If the links don't work, make sure Amua is the default Last.fm player on your system (see below).\
If you have selected a station Amua will open iTunes for audio playback. \
\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Default Player
\f1\b0 \
\
If you already listened to Last.fm with the official player (which is probably the case), Amua asks you if you want to register it as the default player for the last.fm:// protocol. E.g. when you click on play-links on the Last.fm website, Amua opens and starts playing or changes the currently playing station). If the official client has never been installed, the protocol should automatically be registered on the first program start.\
To unregister Amua as the default Last.fm player, do the following:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Throw Amua to the Trash, and empty the Trash (this is needed).\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Log out (in the Apple-menu) and re-login. This causes the Apple Launch Services to read the Applications directory. If the official player is there, it registers it for lastfm:// links.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Changelog\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Version 0.6.1\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Support for scrobbling\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Display song information in iTunes
\f0\b \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Version 0.6\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Implementation of the new Last.fm protocol\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  New "Play Station..." dialog (features Tag search)\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Define log level in the preferences\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Major code rewrite (better structure, no CURLHandle framework anymore)\
 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Version 0.5.6\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Universal Binary\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Growl Support
\f2 \
 \'a5
\f1  Small Bugfixes
\f0\b \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Version 0.5.5\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Bugfix for usernames with special chars\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  
\f2 Bugfix for password hash calculation\
 \'a5
\f1  Improved song information updates\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Add stations only to recent stations if tuning succeeds\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  
\f2 Return an error if trying to tune to invalid/unstreamable stations
\f1  \

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Better representation in recent stations menu\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Note icon becomes red on error\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Fixed discovery mode
\f2 \
 
\f0\b \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Version 0.5.4\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Webservice communication adapted to the official player\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Fixed "Similar Artist" search bug
\f0\b \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Version 0.5.3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Introduced a floating textfield for the song informations.\

\f2  \'a5 Bugfix: Reloading song informations should be better now.\
 \'a5 Changed server to the more stable ws.audioscrobbler.com
\f1 .
\f0\b \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Version 0.5.2\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Bugfix: Correctly send Record to Profile command.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Bugfix: Redraw menu if it's open during "Connecting...".\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.5.1\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Discovery Mode and Record to Profile by 
\f2 Devin Bayer.
\f1 \

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Double click on Similar Artists result list starts the stream.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Shortcuts for Cut, Copy, Paste and Select All work.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Amua checks for default player for the lastfm:// protocol and registers itself if the user wants it.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.5\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  The tooltip window is completely rewritten and is no more based on the AdiumX tooltip class.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Song time is displayed in the tooltip window.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Artist and track names will be shortened if they are too long.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Support new Last.fm features: Similar Artist Radio, Profile Radio, Personal Radio. All other stations are supported through Custom URL.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Play most recent station.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Choose a station from a list of the ten recent played stations.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.4\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  The tooltip window will be placed correctly, even if there is not enough space on the right.
\f2 \
 \'a5
\f1  Passwords are stored in keychain (more secure).\

\f2  \'a5 The tooltip window is now detachable and dragable.
\f1 \

\f2  \'a5
\f1  The Radio station can be changed (only "random" doesn't work - seems to be a bug in the Last.fm web-service), also listening from other users is supported.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Record to profile won't be implemented.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Amua notifies the user if a new version is available.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Numerous bugfixes.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.3:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Moving the mouse over the Status Item shows a tooltip window with informations about the current stream (artist, album, track, the album cover and radio station).\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.2:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Better handling of disabling/enabling menu items (incl. Love, Skip and Ban). They will also be disabled, if the stream stops (spooky waiting sound).\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Quitting Amua stops iTunes playback.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Displays connection error if no session could be established.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Version 0.1:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0  \'a5
\f1  Basic functionality to start and stop the stream (play/stop).\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Displays song information of the currently played track.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Love, Skip and Ban commands.\

\f2  \'a5
\f1  Preferences window for username/password and other settings.\
}